1."The power of God is with you at all times; through the activities of mind, senses, breathing, and emotions."
2."Man is made by his belief. As he believes, so he is."
3."Perform your obligatory duty, for action is indeed better than inaction."
4."A man is disciplined when he keeps his mind untroubled and free from all anxiety."
5."Seek refuge in the attitude of detachment and you will amass the wealth of spiritual awareness."
6."Little by little, through patience and repeated effort, the mind will become stilled in the Self."
7."One who has control over the mind is tranquil in heat and cold, in pleasure and pain."
8."The mind is restless and difficult to restrain, but it is subdued by practice."
9."When meditation is mastered, the mind is unwavering like the flame of a lamp in a windless place."
10."Arise, O conqueror of enemies! Shake off this trivial weakness of heart."
11."Work is your responsibility, not the fruit. Focus on the effort, not the reward."
12."Even a little effort toward spiritual awareness will protect you from the greatest fear."
13."You have the right to work, but never to the fruit of work."
14."He who has let go of hatred, who treats all beings with kindness and compassion... is dear to Me."
15."Through selfless service, you will always be fruitful and find the fulfillment of your desires."
16."Whatever action is performed by a great man, common men follow in his footsteps."
17."There is nothing lost or wasted in this life."
18."Calmness, gentleness, silence, self-restraint, and purity: these are the disciplines of the mind."
19."The wise man lets go of all results, whether good or bad, and focus solely on action."
20."Yoga is the journey of the self, through the self, to the self."
21."Great souls, being of my divine nature, worship Me with an unwavering mind."
22."The fire of knowledge burns to ashes all baggage of past karma."
23."A gift is pure when it is given from the heart to the right person at the right time."
24."He who sees Me everywhere, and sees everything in Me, I am never lost to him."
25."Whatever you do, whatever you eat, whatever you offer... do that as an offering to Me."
26."I am the beginning, the middle, and the end of all creation."
27."Better indeed is knowledge than mechanical practice."
28."One who sees inaction in action, and action in inaction, is intelligent among men."
29."The person whose mind is always free from attachment... attains the supreme state of freedom."
30."For the soul there is neither birth nor death at any time."
31."Faith is the very essence of man. What his faith is, he is."
32."Free from all thoughts of 'I' and 'mine', a man finds utter peace."
33."Even the most sinful, if they worship Me with exclusive devotion, must be regarded as righteous."
34."I am the heat of the sun; I send and withhold the rain; I am immortality and I am death."
35."He who is the same to friend and foe, and also in honor and dishonor, is dear to Me."
36."Thinking of Me, you will overcome all obstacles by My grace."
37."Knowledge is better than mere ritualistic practice; meditation is better than knowledge."
38."When one gives up all desires of the mind... then one is said to be in divine consciousness."
39."The light of the sun, which illuminates the whole world... know that light to be Mine."
40."I am the strength of the strong, devoid of passion and desire."
41."By devotion, he knows Me in truth—who and what I am."
42."Fix your mind on Me, be devoted to Me, worship Me... and you shall come to Me."
43."The Lord dwells in the hearts of all creatures."
44."In any way that men love Me, in that same way they find My love."
45."Action is your domain. Results are in Mine."
46."Having attained Me, these great souls do not again take birth in this miserable world."
47.`"Abandon all varieties of dharma and simply surrender unto Me. I shall deliver you."
48."Wherever there is the Lord of Yoga, and wherever there is the master of archery, there will be prosperity, victory, and glory."